demo: clarify CSI host-path single client limitation. (#18770)
hashicorp/nomad: demo/csi/hostpath/README.md

## Requirements

* A running Nomad client with `docker.privileged.enabled = true`. The Nomad
  developer [Vagrantfile](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad/blob/main/Vagrantfile)
  in this repo is suitable. Note: this demo only supports a Nomad cluster with

>   a single client due to limitations with host path and CSI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a single client due to limitations with the hostpath plugin and CSI.
```
